During 2015 election,
As a representative of our state
and as a woman candidate
I joined the election.
While I was participating
in this election,
I was attacked both as a person
and as a part of a campaign
The fact of being a woman
Can she even be a leader?
Will she be able to keep the promises
she will make?
Like always I heard those voices saying
claiming that an authority has been
bribing me to earn more votes.
Other political campaigns
have sued me.
Then “I am working with an authority”
Some have spread
such rumors among the public.
As everyone knows,
Most of the personnels
in the leading positions
in our party are male.
When there are more men candidates
and women involve more in campaigns
Giving us positions,
inviting us to work together
and then, including us in general
There are not much opportunities
such as those
For example, when we are travelling
on based on campaign
Both men and women candidates
have to travel together.
At that time
Men candidates would neither
be helping with support
nor be working together with
women candidates.